so long before the video starts
I still ask a question to you and
Although the last video that I am
saturday or sunday does not remember
it has not uploaded so high
I got a lot of hughes and I wanted that
Just let me know if that's it now
was that or there is no cod that
is just comparatively late
uploaded or yes because it was easy
Bad is I need a bit
feedback and yes so the rating was
okay but that's okay the
I've been legendary since he's the best
subscribers
but I mean mine, yes, if it is you
then not interested completely
legitimate that is not looking at if you
just want to see cod I watch me too
no movies no videos to me
do not care
yes but yes the commission writes yes
Have fun servus people and welcome to
a new black ops 2 video in zombies
as he can already see we are
place 153 so top 200 of I have
looked at 8 million and there
I also thought the tactics come
It seems to be okay
me at least so when we come so high
and I thought so I'm sorry
just for my subscribers here
a bit the tactics that we have
used we have have seen
we made that four and yes
Actually , I'm pretty simple
Just explain it
So in this case I was the raider
Coach and my task was easy
around this truck in the middle
just to circle back and forth and
The zombies are nicely lined up in a row
to pick up so many nice
points makes you purely balotelli
also below right at the number of points
so now you will forth like the
i saw legendary xbox live
always do not know why you are xbox
already three years old
and she likes to do it five times
because you do not have two hours playing time
yes we have three hours playing time
I think needed for this
breaking a record
You should also just casually one man
his teammates should be fine
Select because there are too
Specialists then yes in the middle of a
they have to smoke because they have to
shit i'm hungry
you would need a disciplined team
camera because you do not disappear
like four hours of his life around then
because of a bun from / to one of
to collapse teammates
you do not like that
looking for such good colleagues then
back to the day so I circle around
the squats back there maybe you have
you may have seen them
right there in the back left of this
barn or something that is easy and
tied in with
with them come from time to time like that
unable to get out but that's nothing
bad the tournament then with the
build the blow ring once and then
So you see, you get this one
many points you can then yes and then
when you go down, it's whole
just after the top left of this box
is and manet as well as get points
Let's just make everyone open like that
monkey goes and then as soon as I go
just tossed to sleep
I was pretty fast so the
zombies then run to the monkey when
you did not know that then just then
to store up quickly though I am
again
I call them juggernauts times do not know
not why I said enough now
have anyway the and counting
the beautiful device trainer but we already
Unfortunately, nothing has been seen of it have
not with the world record of level wise
40 was the highest I do not remember
and that unfortunately all go here the
Problem was we have no maximo
get and on the map there are only mps
mp5 and some such a shotgun and then
we had to run one again without
this system we had
and then I had no monkeys
There was nothing left to save her
and had to let her die
I did my best at ten
minutes further separately but alone
just stop and could only the mp 5
use and the nga makes fifth
known little harm
I think somehow hatch 10 has
one cashed without dying therefore
yes it gets annoying then I am unfortunately
you will see soon
like that
then what else can I tell you
that the tactics are reasonably in
Order 1 because maybe I still
make and indeed my opinion on black
I have changed ops 2
At the beginning my comments are said by
this opinion my first impression too
black ops 2 I mentioned that
I was lying on two not shit though
I did not think it was boring
and i was bad and maybe that
the reason was that I was not like that
liked and it actually did
issued that was the reason of that
reason was that I was just bad
as was now I have had a 12 kg
I already have one almost with me
two kdg I'm sorry about it now almost
only 2 kg and I have to say it really
really makes a lot more fun
So who did not come for me
which I doubt because my opinion
anyway worth nothing anyway yes who is because of me
did not pick you up but it makes you
fun too
yes I would say thank you for that
watch and try the score too
beat and see you next time